So everything you see to the right here comes from our preview, so any function that has ad preview
will be previewed here.
That means if I come here and create another composable, we need to start at composable and there we
go.
The ad was going to help us hit enter and then it's a fun show age, for instance.
In this case, I'm going to pass age.
It's going to be an integer type.
And then here I can say text enter.
That's the first option.
And all we want is the first one, which is just a simple text.
So hit enter.
And then here I'm going to say age like this.
OK, now we still may have the same problem.
If you have it over there, say, OK, some issues are there now.
The reason why I know what's going up here, if you have it over, is going to say parameter age is
an integer, but this text widget here only allows us to pass in a blistering song I say to string for
now, just to simplify our lives.
OK, so we have this show age who pass age int it's essentially similar to this.
OK.
So what happens here if I want it to be previewed here like I can do?
So how do I do that?
Well, at the top, I'm going to say at preview something like this.
Now we have a problem because it says if you have always going to say composable functions with nine
default parameters are not supported in preview unless they are annotated with preview parameter.
What this means is that, well, because we seeing age here, we say, is integer.
We need to pass some sort of default values so that it's picked up in our preview here.
So when you do that to say equals 12 and you can see this is gone and now can see, says show there,
but we don't see anything.
Let's go ahead and refresh.
And while you can see you see 12, if you click, it's going to go straight to where we created that
text there.
Also, you can see that we have this show age, which is the name of the composable function that would
create it now because this is a composable I could call show age inside of our entire compose theme
as well as at the bottom.
Here you can see show age.
And, of course, because we have a default value for age.
Nothing will happens, but I can see if I want to age 30 for such should see something here.
Let's go ahead and refresh.
And well, now here's a problem, it's there.
I can promise you that it's there, but it's on top of each other.
What's really going on here?
Well, what happens is because we're just passing inside of this intro to compose theme.
There's no layout.
There's no way that composable will know exactly where am I going to put this?
So what happens is that it just puts things on top of each other.
So if you really want to see what's going on, we can put inside of a column.
It's a column will always put things on top, will always put things vertically right below each other.
So when I see column subtyping column, I search and you can see this is indeed, of course, another.
Lambda, everything is a lambda, and we can pass all modifiers and so forth here to structure our column.
But for now, it's OK, we're just going to go and put all of these inside it there the square and refresh.
And just like that, now you can see that we have hello, Android and 34, because we put that inside
of a column which is going to structure everything vertically.
Again, if you want to know more about a column, you can hover over and you can read all of this stuff.
OK, so now what is up here?
Let's look at this content.
So this content here.
As the name implies, this is where we are setting the content so that it can be viewed on an actual
device or Emily or so forth, right?
So in this case, you can see we have a main activity inherits one component activity we have on create.
So this is the entry point to our entry point to our project.
So here we are, setting the content yet another lambda and we're passing the entire compose who remember
this guy from down here, right?
Same guy.
Same thing, right?
He sets up the entire view, according to the default theme of the project.
And then another compose we pass inside here the surface, which is another which is another compose,
which is not a compose, and it has also trained lambda.
So everything is about lambda is here.
Very good.
So here it says a surface container using the background color from the theme.
So its surface is just in the main, the most primitive, the most basic canvas.
And as you can see, we can pass a few arguments here.
Color and we said the color from our material theme that we saw before we could colors and we get the
background.
OK.
And that's where we passing quilting Android.
This is going to be called when we run this app on the emulator, so if I go ahead and run this app,
make sure you have, of course, an emulator.
So the idea is that when we run, we should see this creeping android.
OK.
You can see after a few moments, you can see, Hello, Android, so whatever we pass here instead of
said content, it's not going to be in our preview, right?
So the preview is to preview whatever we doing.
We call in great greeting.
The same thing that we see here is for us to preview.
We're also calling another composable that we created at the top there, which incidentally also has
preview.
We can remove that preview if we want it to and so forth.
So whatever we pass here inside of our set content, it is indeed what we see there.
The beauty also here, let's toggle the coat on me, is that if I set a different color, let's say
I want see colors and let's see what else I'm going to get.
Let's get the primary to see what's going to happen, let's go ahead and rerun this.
And you can see now the background over a surface, which is this.
Right.
That's enclosing our greeting, which is what we have at the bottom here.
It's a composable it changed the colors now.